Improved measuring process (#12)
keiya01/react-performance-testing: README.md

**Note**: If you have some same component, these components combine to `array`  
**Note**: Each time are displayed with `ms`

### wait

> `wait` method is feature to wait for `renderCount` or `renderTime` is set. You need to wrap all `Matcher` is using `renderCount` or `renderTime` because we are assign `renderCount` and `renderTime` in asynchronous.  

Author: ```suggestion
`wait` method is feature to wait for `renderCount` or `renderTime` is assigned. You need to wrap all returned value from `perf()` because we are assigning `renderCount` and `renderTime` in asynchronous.  
```
